Describe the allowDropInsideItems limitations (#543)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/GridBase/1 Configuration/rowDragging/allowDropInsideItem.md

> Allows dropping a row inside another row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows you to drop a row inside another row.
```

---

> This option enables row dropping only in the UI. You should also handle drag-and-drop in code. If users drag and drop rows inside a single component, use the [onReorder]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/rowDragging/#onReorder) handler. If users drag and drop rows between components, use the [onAdd]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/rowDragging/#onAdd) handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to drop rows only in the UI. You should also handle drag-and-drop in code. If users drag and drop rows inside a single component, use the [onReorder]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/rowDragging/#onReorder) handler. To allow users to drag and drop rows between components, use the [onAdd]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/rowDragging/#onAdd) handler.
```
